signature penthouse 601 at baccarat
tones 1000 ocean provides two elevators
opening to your private spacious foyer
creating an impressive entrance into
your oceanfront residence immediately as
we step into the spacious living area we
feel the height of the 12-foot ceilings
and appreciate the floor-to-ceiling
glass that frames the vastness of the
shoreline it is for this reason the
specific residence was chosen to be
featured in the action-packed Hollywood
movie parka showcasing the adjacent
private Boca Raton Resort and club part
of the ward off Astoria collection and
on that note when you purchase at 1000
ocean you'll receive a complimentary
membership to the private broker at own
Resort and club valued at approximately
35,000 dollars signature penthouse 601
is priced at 6.4 million dollars
unfurnished and offers premium
south-easterly ocean views from the
living area with a total of nearly five
thousand square feet under air this
residence lives like a single family
beach house you'll enjoy three bedrooms
four and a half bathrooms a bonus media
room and an ensuite study to the master
bedroom and what would a private family
beach house be without a private
oceanfront Cabana
fortunately one is included with this
residence for lounging about and taking
in the beautiful surround
this luxurious destination the furniture
in the residence is available as an
optional package upon request there's
nothing quite like watching the sunset
from one of your private terraces or
hopping into your punch bowl with
massaging Jets facing down the shore or
perhaps will take outdoor entertaining
to a whole new level served from the
summer kitchen on this spacious
oceanfront Terrace of course for the
more accomplished chef the
professionally designed kitchen features
a gas range stovetop and top-of-the-line
wolf Bosch sub-zero and melee appliances
and not many eat in kitchens provide
such a spectacular setting for the
family to enjoy a casual breakfast or
lunch while taking in the ocean views
for more formal dining the refined
elegance of the dining room will be a
fitting setting for delightful
conversation with family and friends
after dinner and drinks by the fire
enjoy a movie in the intimate media room
which features handcrafted built-ins and
is fully equipped and pre-wired for all
of your state-of-the-art electrical
needs two sophisticated bedroom space
West but that does not mean they don't
have water views with the intercoastal
wrapping around the entire length of the
signature penthouse this residence has
spectacular water views you won't find
out
the very private master suite
encompasses the northwestern end of the
residence with his and her master bath
private study and spacious Terrace it's
a very secluded sanctuary for the
homeowner to enjoy and of course a
custom Italian design master closet is
ready to accommodate your shopping
buyers from the fabulous downtown broker
return boutiques we gon bite fixtures
marble and rows ache tile in the master
bath combined to create a spa-like
sanctuary there's no better place to end
your day than on the private Terrace of
your master suite
as your new transforms from vibrant blue
into soft reflections of sparkling
lights on the water
you